C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.exe
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.deps.json
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.runtimeconfig.json
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/CsvHelper.dll
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Faker.Net.6.0.dll
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/de-DE/Faker.Net.6.0.resources.dll
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/refint/FileGenerator.dll
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/ref/FileGenerator.dll
C:/Users/kathryny/source/playground/FileGenerator-visa-clo-validation-processor/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Input/data-1671018769655.csv
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Input/data-1671018769655.csv
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.exe
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.deps.json
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.runtimeconfig.json
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/CsvHelper.dll
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Faker.Net.6.0.dll
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/de-DE/Faker.Net.6.0.resources.dll
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGene.4F1F000E.Up2Date
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/refint/FileGenerator.dll
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:/Users/andyw/Downloads/validation-FileGenerator 3/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/ref/FileGenerator.dll
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Input/data-1671018769655.csv
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.deps.json
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.runtimeconfig.json
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/CsvHelper.dll
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Faker.Net.6.0.dll
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/de-DE/Faker.Net.6.0.resources.dll
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfo.cs
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGene.4F1F000E.Up2Date
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/refint/FileGenerator.dll
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.genruntimeconfig.cache
~/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/ref/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.deps.json
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/BouncyCastle.Cryptography.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/CsvHelper.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Faker.Net.6.0.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/PgpCore.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/de-DE/Faker.Net.6.0.resources.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGene.4F1F000E.Up2Date
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/refint/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.genruntimeconfig.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/ref/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Input/data-1671018769655.csv
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.deps.json
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/BouncyCastle.Cryptography.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/CsvHelper.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/Faker.Net.6.0.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/PgpCore.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/bin/Debug/net6.0/de-DE/Faker.Net.6.0.resources.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGene.4F1F000E.Up2Date
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/refint/FileGenerator.dll
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.pdb
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/FileGenerator.genruntimeconfig.cache
/Users/francisdonald/Downloads/FileGenerator_V2/FileGenerator/obj/Debug/net6.0/ref/FileGenerator.dll
